This project is a FastAPI-based web application that provides a RESTful API for storing and retrieving news articles. The application is built using Python, FastAPI, MySQL, and SQLAlchemy, and it is designed to handle basic CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations for news articles.

Features:
Create News Articles: Submit news articles with a title and content using a POST request.
Retrieve All News Articles: Fetch a list of all news articles stored in the database with a GET request.
Retrieve a News Article by ID: Get details of a specific news article by providing its ID in the request.
Swagger UI: Interactive API documentation and testing interface provided by Swagger, automatically generated by FastAPI.
Technologies Used
FastAPI: A modern, fast (high-performance), web framework for building APIs with Python.
MySQL: A popular relational database management system used for storing the news articles.
SQLAlchemy: An ORM (Object-Relational Mapping) library for Python, used for interacting with the MySQL database.
Uvicorn: A lightning-fast ASGI server for running FastAPI applications.
Installation
To get started with the FastAPI News project, follow these steps:
Prerequisites
Python 3.7 or higher
Virtual environment 
Clone the Repository:git clone https://github.com/jyoticoder82/fastapi-news.git
cd fastapi-news
Set Up the Environment:
Create and Activate a Virtual Environment:python -m venv venv
# On Windows:
venv\Scripts\activate
# On macOS/Linux:
source venv/bin/activate
Run the Application: uvicorn app.main:app --reload
Access the Application:
Swagger UI: http://localhost:8000/docs - Interactive API documentation.
API Endpoints:
POST /news/ - Create a new news article.
GET /news/ - Retrieve all news articles.
GET /news/{news_id} - Retrieve a specific news article by ID.
Acknowledgments:
FastAPI - Web framework used for the application.
NewsAPI - API used for fetching news articles.
Contributing:
Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request for any improvements or fixes.

